How embarrassing is he this time?
I will definitely get it back. OK
What are you doing in my bed?
Aren’t we already married?
After getting married, I would sleep with my grandma in a separate room and know how to tell the right jokes.
We just got married not long ago?
I promise
Unable to move with excitement. That's not a bad thing
Can you sleep here?
How about you come to work at Fushi Group?
I just happened to be short of a cup of Dong Jian.
But I don't want to trouble others
I will trouble others
And I had people hide our marital status
As long as you don't tell anyone else
It seems that you have someone ready to come and sleep.
Don't be complicated again
Your watch doesn't look cheap.